README.md, before:

# Pearcleaner
<p align="center">
<!--    <img src="https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/assets/91337119/165f6961-f4fc-4199-bc68-580bacff6eaf" align="center" width="128" height="128" /> -->
   <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62cd5fcb-92d3-4d3a-9664-161a7deabd46" align="center" width="160" height="160" />

   <br />
   <strong>Status: </strong>Maintained
   <br />
   <strong>Version: </strong>5.2.8
   <br />
   <a href="https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/releases"><strong>Download</strong></a>
    · 
   <a href="https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/commits">Commits</a>
  </p>
</p>
</br>


A free, source-available and fair-code licensed Mac app cleaner inspired by [Freemacsoft's AppCleaner](https://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) and [Sun Knudsen's Privacy Guides](https://github.com/sunknudsen/guides/tree/main/archive/how-to-clean-uninstall-macos-apps-using-appcleaner-open-source-alternative) post on his app-cleaner script.
This project was born out of wanting to learn more on how macOS deals with app installation/uninstallation and getting more Swift experience. If you have suggestions I'm open to hearing them, submit a feature request!


### Table of Contents:
[Features](#features) | [Screenshots](#screenshots) | [Issues](#issues) | [Requirements](#requirements) | [Download](#getting-pearcleaner) | [Translations](#translations) | [License](#license) | [Thanks](#thanks) | [Other Apps](#other-apps)

<br>



## Features
### Core
- **App Uninstall • Orphaned File Search • Development Environment Manager • File Search • Homebrew Manager • App Lipo • PKG Manager • Plugin Manager • Services Manager • Apps Updater** 
- Drag/drop apps, CLI support, and deep link automation [view](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/wiki/Deep-Link-Guide)
- List or Grid view with badges for web/iOS apps
- Finder Extension for right-click uninstall
- Pearcleaner self-uninstall and slimming options

### Utilities
- Prune unused app translations, keeping only preferred languages
- Strip unneeded architectures from universal apps without requirement of lipo binary from xcode tools
- **Sentinel Monitor**: Automatic cleanup when apps hit Trash (~2MB RAM)
- Export app bundles and file lists
- Basic Steam games support

### Customization
- Theme system with custom colors
- Include/exclude directories for searching
- Adjustable search sensitivity

## Screenshots

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5095d30c-3665-4b24-bf00-756baac59026" align="left" width="400" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9841914-613e-4206-b0bd-07963bf27507" align="center" width="400" />
<p></p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c35258c2-2886-412c-a4c4-3c5e343e7a2c" align="left" width="400" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e6253ce4-b1e4-4851-a2c2-46b1f1e128cb" align="center" width="400" />


## Issues
> [!WARNING]
> - When submitting issues, please use the appropriate issue template corresponding with your problem [HERE](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/issues/new/choose)
> - Beta versions of macOS will not be supported until general release


## Requirements
> [!NOTE]
> - Full Disk permission to search for files
> - Privileged Helper to perform actions on system folders

| macOS Version | Codename | Supported |
|---------------|----------|-----------|
| 13.x          | Ventura  | ✅        |
| 14.x          | Sonoma   | ✅        |
| 15.x          | Sequoia  | ✅        |
| 26.x          | Tahoe    | ✅        |
| TBD           | Beta     | ❌        |
> Versions prior to macOS 13.0 are not supported due to missing Swift/SwiftUI APIs required by the app.

## Getting Pearcleaner

<details>
  <summary>Releases</summary>

Pre-compiled, always up-to-date versions are available from my [releases](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/releases) page.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Homebrew</summary>

You can add the app via Homebrew:
```
brew install pearcleaner
```
</details>

## Translations
If you are able to contribute to translations for the app, please see this discussion: https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/discussions/137

## License
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Pearcleaner is licensed under Apache 2.0 with [Commons Clause](https://commonsclause.com/). This means that you can do anything you'd like with the source, modify it, contribute to it, etc., but the license explicitly prohibits any form of monetization for Pearcleaner or any modified versions of it. See full license [HERE](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

## Thanks

- Much appreciation to [Freemacsoft's AppCleaner](https://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) and [Sun Knudsen's app-cleaner script](https://sunknudsen.com/privacy-guides/how-to-clean-uninstall-macos-apps-using-appcleaner-open-source-alternative)
- [DharsanB](https://github.com/dharsanb) for sponsoring my Apple Developer account

## Other Apps

[Pearcleaner](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner) - An opensource app cleaner with privacy in mind

[Sentinel](https://github.com/alienator88/Sentinel) - A GUI for controlling gatekeeper status on your Mac

[Viz](https://github.com/alienator88/Viz) - Utility for extracting text from images, videos, qr/barcodes

[PearHID](https://github.com/alienator88/PearHID) - Remap your macOS keyboard with a simple SwiftUI frontend

Commit message:

Update README with issue submission and support details
Clarify issue submission guidelines and project scope.

README.md, after:

# Pearcleaner
<p align="center">
<!--    <img src="https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/assets/91337119/165f6961-f4fc-4199-bc68-580bacff6eaf" align="center" width="128" height="128" /> -->
   <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/62cd5fcb-92d3-4d3a-9664-161a7deabd46" align="center" width="160" height="160" />

   <br />
   <strong>Status: </strong>Maintained
   <br />
   <strong>Version: </strong>5.2.8
   <br />
   <a href="https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/releases"><strong>Download</strong></a>
    · 
   <a href="https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/commits">Commits</a>
  </p>
</p>
</br>


A free, source-available and fair-code licensed Mac app cleaner inspired by [Freemacsoft's AppCleaner](https://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) and [Sun Knudsen's Privacy Guides](https://github.com/sunknudsen/guides/tree/main/archive/how-to-clean-uninstall-macos-apps-using-appcleaner-open-source-alternative) post on his app-cleaner script.
This project was born out of wanting to learn more on how macOS deals with app installation/uninstallation and getting more Swift experience. If you have suggestions I'm open to hearing them, submit a feature request!


### Table of Contents:
[Features](#features) | [Screenshots](#screenshots) | [Issues](#issues) | [Requirements](#requirements) | [Download](#getting-pearcleaner) | [Translations](#translations) | [License](#license) | [Thanks](#thanks) | [Other Apps](#other-apps)

<br>



## Features
### Core
- **App Uninstall • Orphaned File Search • Development Environment Manager • File Search • Homebrew Manager • App Lipo • PKG Manager • Plugin Manager • Services Manager • Apps Updater** 
- Drag/drop apps, CLI support, and deep link automation [view](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/wiki/Deep-Link-Guide)
- List or Grid view with badges for web/iOS apps
- Finder Extension for right-click uninstall
- Pearcleaner self-uninstall and slimming options

### Utilities
- Prune unused app translations, keeping only preferred languages
- Strip unneeded architectures from universal apps without requirement of lipo binary from xcode tools
- **Sentinel Monitor**: Automatic cleanup when apps hit Trash (~2MB RAM)
- Export app bundles and file lists
- Basic Steam games support

### Customization
- Theme system with custom colors
- Include/exclude directories for searching
- Adjustable search sensitivity

## Screenshots

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5095d30c-3665-4b24-bf00-756baac59026" align="left" width="400" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9841914-613e-4206-b0bd-07963bf27507" align="center" width="400" />
<p></p>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c35258c2-2886-412c-a4c4-3c5e343e7a2c" align="left" width="400" />
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e6253ce4-b1e4-4851-a2c2-46b1f1e128cb" align="center" width="400" />


## Issues
> [!WARNING]
> - When submitting issues, please use the appropriate issue template corresponding with your problem [HERE](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/issues/new/choose)
> - Issues with no template will be closed
> - This is a personal/hobby app, therefore the project is fairly opinionated. Opinion-based requests (e.g., “the layout would look better this way”) will not be considered.

## Requirements
> [!NOTE]
> - Full Disk permission to search for files
> - Privileged Helper to perform actions on system folders

| macOS Version | Codename | Supported |
|---------------|----------|-----------|
| 13.x          | Ventura  | ✅        |
| 14.x          | Sonoma   | ✅        |
| 15.x          | Sequoia  | ✅        |
| 26.x          | Tahoe    | ✅        |
| TBD           | Beta     | ❌        |
> Versions prior to macOS 13.0 are not supported due to missing Swift/SwiftUI APIs required by the app.

## Getting Pearcleaner

<details>
  <summary>Releases</summary>

Pre-compiled, always up-to-date versions are available from my [releases](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/releases) page.
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Homebrew</summary>

You can add the app via Homebrew:
```
brew install pearcleaner
```
</details>

## Translations
If you are able to contribute to translations for the app, please see this discussion: https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/discussions/137

## License
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Pearcleaner is licensed under Apache 2.0 with [Commons Clause](https://commonsclause.com/). This means that you can do anything you'd like with the source, modify it, contribute to it, etc., but the license explicitly prohibits any form of monetization for Pearcleaner or any modified versions of it. See full license [HERE](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

## Thanks

- Much appreciation to [Freemacsoft's AppCleaner](https://freemacsoft.net/appcleaner/) and [Sun Knudsen's app-cleaner script](https://sunknudsen.com/privacy-guides/how-to-clean-uninstall-macos-apps-using-appcleaner-open-source-alternative)
- [DharsanB](https://github.com/dharsanb) for sponsoring my Apple Developer account

## Other Apps

[Pearcleaner](https://github.com/alienator88/Pearcleaner) - An opensource app cleaner with privacy in mind

[Sentinel](https://github.com/alienator88/Sentinel) - A GUI for controlling gatekeeper status on your Mac

[Viz](https://github.com/alienator88/Viz) - Utility for extracting text from images, videos, qr/barcodes

[PearHID](https://github.com/alienator88/PearHID) - Remap your macOS keyboard with a simple SwiftUI frontend
