.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md, before:

---
name: New Bug
about: For submitting new bugs related to the application functionality (No opinionated requests please).
title: "[BUG] ENTER ISSUE TITLE HERE"
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---
> [!WARNING]
> This is a personal/hobby app, therefore the project is fairly opinionated.  
> Only actual application bugs will be considered.  
> Opinion-based requests (e.g., “the layout would look better this way”) will be closed.

### Describe the bug:
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.


### Steps to reproduce:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
   

### Expected behavior:
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.


### Info:
 - OS: [e.g. 13.0]
 - Pearcleaner Version: [e.g. 3.x.x]


### Screenshots:
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

### Debug Console
1. While Pearcleaner is running, push CMD+D to open the debug console and show captured logs
2. If issue is happening while starting/launching Pearcleaner, pull logs via steps below

### Console Logs (For app startup issues):
 1. Open the Terminal app and run the following command
```
log stream --level debug --style compact --predicate 'subsystem == "com.alienator88.Pearcleaner"'
```
 2. Launch Pearcleaner to reproduce the issue and capture logs
 3. Copy the logs here

Commit message:

Update bug issue template for clarity
Clarified guidelines for submitting issues in the bug template.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md, after:

---
name: New Bug
about: For submitting new bugs related to the application functionality (No opinionated requests please).
title: "[BUG] ENTER ISSUE TITLE HERE"
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---
> [!WARNING]
> This is a personal/hobby app, therefore the project is fairly opinionated.  
> Opinion-based requests (e.g., “the layout would look better this way”) will not be considered.
> ### Issues with the template below removed will be closed!
> ---

### Describe the bug:
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.


### Steps to reproduce:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error
   

### Expected behavior:
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.


### Info:
 - OS: [e.g. 13.0]
 - Pearcleaner Version: [e.g. 3.x.x]


### Screenshots:
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

### Debug Console
1. While Pearcleaner is running, push CMD+D to open the debug console and show captured logs
2. If issue is happening while starting/launching Pearcleaner, pull logs via steps below

### Console Logs (For app startup issues):
 1. Open the Terminal app and run the following command
```
log stream --level debug --style compact --predicate 'subsystem == "com.alienator88.Pearcleaner"'
```
 2. Launch Pearcleaner to reproduce the issue and capture logs
 3. Copy the logs here
